[Music]
well it's time to exercise your brain
and freshen up your mind and what's the
best way to do it right to crack some
fun but tricky riddles remember to check
your results at the end a car accident
January was incredibly cold in the town
with temperatures falling way below zero
all the roads were covered with ice and
snow one day a man called the police to
report a car accident a police officer
arrived and was about to start an
interrogation when he had a coughing fit
the driver opened his car and gave the
officer a bottle of water after calming
down a bit the officer began to ask his
questions I parked the car near my house
yesterday evening but when I came back
today the hood was badly damaged the man
explained I know my neighbor was
cleaning the roof I'm sure he dropped
some ice on my car and ruined it I want
to file a report the neighbor who heard
this conversation argued I cleaned the
roof this morning but your car wasn't
here when I was doing it the police
officer figured out who was lying right
away can you do the same
the car owner was plotting against his
neighbor if his car had been outside for
the whole night the water in the bottle
would have been frozen a caring friend
Larry called the police because he had
some concerns about his friend Brandon
he said Brandon has recently returned
from Chile and has been behaving
strangely since that I've just received
a weird phone call from him I think it
would be better if you came with me when
the police officers picked him up Larry
gave them the address he explained he'd
never been there yet
Brandon rented the place soon after he
came back from his trip when they
arrived at the house everything was a
mess inside there was some paint spilled
on the floor and one police officer
accidentally stepped into it
Larry noticed it how unlucky let me show
you to the bathroom after that he
immediately got arrested why larry said
he'd never visited Brandon's new home
before then how did he know where the
bathroom was lost in a jungle Sarah got
lost in a jungle hence the title of this
story after wandering for hours she
finally came to a clearing with three
narrow paths it's always three
unfortunately one of them was blocked by
massive bushes with sharp thorns the
second was covered with trash and broken
glass and the third path was guarded by
huge scary-looking mantises which path
should Sarah brave the girl should
choose the third path even though
Manchester's look threatening they're
totally harmless a confusing number
it's a five-digit whole number it reads
the same forward backward and upside
down its second digit is half of the
third one the fifth digit is the product
of the first and last ones and the sum
of all the digits is 10 what number is
it it's one zero eight zero one a lost
phone police detective Liam was at a
mall when he heard someone shouting he
rushed there and saw a stressed shop
assistant and several people around it
turned out the shop assistant had found
a smartphone and made an announcement
now several people were claiming the
phone belonged to them one man said the
phone must have slipped from his pocket
a woman argued it was her husband's
device and a teenager said the gadget
was hers suddenly the phone rang and the
shop assistant gave it to Liam he
glanced at the screen and immediately
handed the phone to the man how did the
detective understand it was his device
wife that's what was written on the
phone screen three staircases Eric got
lost in a museum while he was trying to
find a way out it got late
all the doors were closed finally he saw
three staircases yep three again the
first one was all covered in bizarre
nettles with razor-sharp leaves and long
spikes the second had giant stinking
flowers with a stench almost impossible
to bear and the third staircase was an
impassable jungle of cacti what
staircase should Eric choose
he should run down the second staircase
even though the flowers are gross
they're relatively harmless a jailbreak
John had been in jail for a year all
this time he'd been waiting for an
opportunity to escape when summer
morning he finally managed to break free
but it didn't go unnoticed several
security guards started to follow John
and the man had to hide in a ladies room
look at the picture and try to figure
out where in the John John is John's
hiding in the third stall he wouldn't
have had enough time to get a pair of
woman's shoes a fishing trip david was
crazy about mountain climbing it was his
biggest passion in life but his wife
Jessica hated his hobby she thought it
was too dangerous
once David's friend Oliver invited him
on exciting rock climbing trip David
knew his wife would be against this idea
so he told her he would go fishing to
the nearest lake for a couple of days
Jessica agreed but asked her husband to
send a photo of him fishing once David
arrived at the foot of the mountain he
photoshopped a fishing photo and sent it
to his wife as soon as she saw it she
immediately realized it was a fake how
come
Jessica knew it was snowing outside it
means there had to be snow at the
nearest lake to an epic rainstorm
someone got into Matthews house during a
severe rainstorm and took a lot of
expensive stuff the man called the
police they came over and started to
interview the neighbors Nicole said she
lived alone and worked from home she was
inside the whole day Gerry explained he
was a chef in an Italian restaurant he
came back from work only a half an hour
ago Sofia told the police officers she
hadn't left home because she was ill who
was the intruder it was Nicole she
claims she had been inside the entire
day but there was a wet umbrella in the
corner a hitchhiker Chris was a truck
driver one Friday afternoon he left
Orange town and was driving along the
highway when he saw a man lying on the
side of the road
Chris stopped and ran toward the man
after some time he managed to bring the
man around his story was rather dramatic
he was a hitchhiker who tried to get to
orange town but half way there he had an
argument with a driver who had picked
him up and was thrown out of the car
the hitchhiker hit his head and lost
consciousness now he was begging Chris
to give him a lift to the town Chris
didn't believe the man's story and
refused to help him why
the hitch-hiker was lying on the right
side of the road but if he was going to
Orange town he would have been on the
left side a missing dog Jason agreed to
look after his friend's dog while the
guy was away he fell in love with a cute
little Pomeranian but Jason's wife and
kids didn't like the pooch one evening
the man came back from work and
discovered the dog was missing
Jason called the police when they
arrived they started by questioning
Karen Jason's wife the woman said she
had been sleeping all day then the
police officer asked and what were the
children doing they were playing in the
yard then I told them to go inside and
do their homework
well well well and now tell me please
why did you kick out the dog how did the
police officer figure out it was Karen
well the woman claims she had been
sleeping the whole day but then how
could she tell the kids to go inside a
forest accident
Stephen called the police to report his
valuables were missing when the police
arrived the man told him his story I
went on a camping trip alone I had just
got there and set up my tent when it
started to rain heavily I hurried to
find some dry firewood I left my bag
with my wallet and all the documents
inside the tent when I came back
everything was gone
the police officers didn't believe
Stephen and fined him for making a false
call how did they understand the man had
lied Stephen said he had set up the tent
before started to rain but then why was
it wet inside the tent
well I've bet you've been waiting for
this part if you've got zero to four
points your riddle cracking skills need
a little polishing try to take more time
to think each riddle over watch more
videos with puzzles this way you're
bound to improve your level is your
result 5 to 8 correct answers ah you
must have been practicing it's great but
could be even better
don't hurry to check the answer and
pause the video if you need more time to
think it's likely to boost your results
and if you have 9 to 12 points it
doesn't mean there's no way to improve
yourself keep cracking the hardest
riddles to keep your mind sharp and
active
[Music]